Release Notes for Freescale Sensor Fusion Library for Kinetis MCUs
Previous production release: build 417
This release: build 420

Changes:
1.  Removed all license checking functions
2.  Fusion and magnetic calibration libraries are now included in source form.  
    libFusion.a is now gone.  It has been replaced by additional files in the Sources directory.  
3.  Added template projects for Kinetis Design Studio
4.  Added KL46Z board support
5.  Software license changed to support open source model
6.  Community supported at https://community.freescale.com/community/sensors/sensorfusion
7.  The datasheet has been updated with simulated fusion metrics, code sizes and systick counts
8.  "FLASH_EU" target names have been changed to "FLASH"
9.  Changed branding from "Xtrinsic" to "Freescale".  This resulted in project prefixes
    being changed from "XSFK_" to "FSFK_".
10. Removed the Accelerometer + Magnetometer 6-axis Kalman filter (the eCompass implementation 
    is more efficient)
11. Debug packets are now on by default.  This enables the Sensor Fusion Toolkit for Android to
    startup with the correct board display on powerup.
12. The following source files have been renamed:
    FSL_utils.c/.h are now drivers.c/.h
    tasks_func.c/.h are now tasks.c/.h
    proj_config.h is now build.h
    ProcessorExpert.c is now main.c
    baranski_kalman.h is now kalman.h
13. license.h has been removed
14. Added bare metal eCompass implementation for KL46Z (no MQXLite)
15. This version will not include run configurations for all KDS projects. There are too
    many permutations, and the tools are being regularly updated.

Errata:
1.  Newer K64F Freedom boards can utilize several different versions of the OpenSDA interface.
    The MBED drivers do not deal properly with flash security and can temporarily "brick"
    a board.  In order for the download function to work properly, the value of the NV_FSEC
    portion of the CPU_FLASH_CONFIG_FIELD within file name Generated_Files/CPU_Config.h must
    have a value of 0xFE.  Processor Expert (which generates this file) does not currently
    support that value.  You must make the change manually after running Processor Expert.
2.  When compiling for the first time in KDS, the tool may generate the following error
    message: "writing to APSR without specifying a bitmask".  This is an invalid error.
    Simply build a second time and the error will disappear.
3.  MQXLite 1.1.0 created via Processor Expert incorrectly handles contexts switches for the
    floating point unit on the K64F.  As shipped, this does not present a problem because
    floating point computations are normally completed within one sample period.  However if
    you add additional code to that project template, such that computations extend beyond
    one sample period, you will get incorrect results (there is no warning!).
    MQXLite 1.1.1 fixes this issue.  Check the MQX1 settings in Processor Expert to see which
    version you are using.
4.  I2C transmission speeds are configured for 300KHz to 400KHz.   During the build process,
    it is normal to see the following:
    "Warning: The device is designed to operate up to 100kHz! (SCL frequency)".
    The development team routinely operates at higher I2C frequencies, although these are
    not necessarily guaranteed in the device datasheets.  Other warnings arise from the
    MQXLite code generated by Processor Expert.  The actual fusion library is believed to be
    clean.
